now in the last 72 hours I've literally
gotten thousands of emails of people who
are hmm angry
distressed ticked off in all of how far
out of control Washington DC has become
in not only the last six months
including the ridiculous bailout under
the Bush administration but now we've
got more stimulus spending bills going
and some of the ridiculous things that
are coming out another new tax plan
where we're gonna do away with
charitable giving as a deduction you
want to collapse the entire nonprofit
structure
oh you do so that we have to count on
the government for everything a Conrad
Conrad huh
yeah well that's what's happening
socialism is big time and in the last 24
hours we see Citibank is no longer a
bank it's now a government entity oh
they're not calling it nationalization
but when do you feel richer you're now a
banker you feel richer you own the bank
America you're now in the banking
business you already ran most of the
mortgage business like about 98 for some
of the mortgages that were handled out
there we're run by you the taxpayer
through this ridiculous thing we call
Washington DC the federal government and
now you own the bank yeah and those of
you that used to own Citibank
shares you just got squeezed out of
about 75 percent of your ownership yeah
they just kind of pushed you out
it's called government confiscation of
wealth yeah theft by the federal
government all in the name of taking
care of the little people because the
little people all depend on Citibank to
live but now Citibank is quote not
nationalized but it is I mean the
federal government owns 27 percent of it
and you are the federal government so
you should feel richer you're now in the
banking business if you do not like the
way this is going it's too late to vote
for someone because the voting is over
for a couple of years I mean we'll have
a few congressmen in the fall we'll have
a few senators the next fall but you
really can't fire anybody between now
and fall if you're angry about this
so what do
how are you gonna are you just gonna put
up with this are you just gonna tolerate
it well I've got a suggestion you can do
whatever you want to do it's a decision
I made many years ago I don't do
business with support in any way or give
my money in any stretch of the
imagination anyway no matter what to
organisations who misbehave or who I
don't believe in what they do
for instance American Express 20 years
ago I asked my wife why she would stay
with a man who wouldn't pay his bills
because we were behind and that was one
of the tactics that a credit card
collector used I remember that 20 years
later I will not do business with any
form of American Express ever and we've
dealt with them thousands of times
afterwards and basically the collections
division of American Express is like
most credit card companies absolute scum
so I don't do business with them I have
a 20-year boycott on them well I know it
hasn't affected them they're doing just
fine and they don't miss Dave Ramsey I
can promise you that but I just made a
decision about this so I got to think
since you don't have a vote and the
people in Washington don't rep those of
us that are angry about this they people
in Washington don't represent us it's
not long it's not a representative form
of government it is socialism bordering
on communism at the breakneck speed that
it's going and they're not calling this
nationalization but it is when the
government takes away stockholder rights
pushes stockholders aside and takes a
share of a company and puts no money
into the company in the process no money
changed hands on this Citibank deal then
the government is confiscating private
property
welcome to communism so here's my
suggestion don't do business with the
government don't do business with a bank
that is being nationalized so I would
suggest if you do but if you're doing
business with Citibank that you quit I'm
calling for a boycott of Citibank
by Dave Ramsey listeners it's actually
not City that I'm mad at it's the
governmental takeover of it and so I'm
calling for you to say
I'm not going to participate in
socialism I'm not going to participate
in communism the confiscation of private
property I'm not going to endorse with
my dollars now the takeover of city did
not affect me personally in any way
because I've already wasn't doing
business with them because of the way
they misbehave with the consumer and I
don't do business with mega banks anyway
they have no soul Bank of America is
right on its heels
within days we'll see the same thing
happening with Bank of America so I
would tell you if you're doing business
with city or with Bank of America get
out don't support the socialism the
nationalization the communistic
confiscation of private property rights
by doing business with your
government-owned
bank go to your local community bank go
to your local credit union move your
accounts there close your credit cards
if you if you got credit card debt move
it over to somebody else put them out of
business if enough of you do that you
can send a message to Washington that
you are not going to embrace socialism
now you can do whatever you want to do I
already was not doing business with
those two and if one person pulls out
it's not gonna make them mad and they
don't care but I'm just starting to
wonder if four or five million people
all of a sudden quit doing business with
Bank of America and quit doing business
with city because of governmental
takeovers and watch Bank of America
stock I mean it's a matter of minutes
before they come in and swoop in and in
the name of stabilizing the economy
confiscate stockholder rights so let
them have it people you don't have to
put up with this and you can mail them a
tea bag or two in the mail while you're
doing it
what have you mailed every one of your
congressman and Senator a tea bag
indication this is a tea party we're
done with you people I'm not putting up
with this you're not going to take
everything that I've worked for you're
not going to take my private property
it's not going to happen not in the form
of taxes not in the form of you taking
over banks I'll just quit doing business
with them I'll put you out of business
if enough people bail on those two banks
that'll tell the government that it's
not going to work because customers
don't want to do business with the
federal government I tell me one thing
in the federal government that works
efficiently one thing no such thing the
military does other than the military we
can set those great gals and guys aside
but honestly they're the ones that are
in the
Terry it's not always that efficient but
I mean where's the productivity in this
none so you really want to do business
with a bank run by the federal
government Oh give me a break you don't
you know you don't so I'm calling out on
it it's time to make a decision are we
gonna participate in this stupidity
coming out of DC and just stand by and
watch it or are we gonna have a tea
party I think it's time to have one mail
your Senators your congressmen your
presidents some tea let them know you're
done and pull your accounts out of those
two banks that's my two cents worth
let the hate mail begin